fix/class:list directive was not properly merging with the class attribute (#1039)
withastro/compiler: .changeset/ten-melons-return.md

---
"@astrojs/compiler": patch
---

> Resolved the issue where the class:list directive was not properly merging with the class attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resolves an issue where the `class:list` directive was not correctly merging with the class attribute.
```
